The good is O ร รณ รณ the girl did not get to
conclusion that long ago that we get
because in the girl go there people roda
miss you
When you're not here, I do not know.
the will to tie you in
hold me the will to marry
We can take care of you for ever.
dating I know of traveling has become more
who likes to dream their time does not stop
pass and will never stop
in the blink of an eye is advancing more
one month
we get old that we did
good leaves our plan okay be
here tomorrow when I wake up
ah
I can not let's do it like this I take care of
You take care of me, I do not give up.
You and the cd of the famous hotel
or die
Let's do it like this, I'll take care of you.
Careful, I do not give up on you and
cd minc let's go to the end of the hand for me
I do not know if I wanted to tie a necklace
in you and you first the will of me
to have children to take care of
To always date
I sit traveling
the new but what it costs to dream
if time does not
stop bandage and will never stop
will stop the world search for oil is
having a bad time
we get old, we did not
Let our plan be over here.
tomorrow when I wake up
O
ah
I do not know how to tie you in
You and I first want the
to have children to take care of
always dating I sit traveling has
target plus what it costs to dream
if time does not stop to pass that never
go
It will not stop all world scale oil
was being bad
we get old, we did not
let our plan end, let it be
mom
It's when the boat
good lad
Let's do it like this, I'll take care of you.
take care of me there is not what you are
or the headquarters
let's go to the skin
We're going to do it like this is something very
of you or dry age do not need to
you
You from me to me it 's zero.
you will do
It's true, I do not need you and
teacher famous hotel
i
oh dad
O
รณ backgammon me
I found doing a self - examination and had the
luck of an early diagnosis that made
all the difference because when I received the
the diagnosis of breast cancer first
thing I thought about dying
however I am here today celebrating
Five years later, I'm very happy.
we cry we suffer but we
loses
I learned a lot and I always see
different and whenever I thought so
it has already been proven in almost 95%
of cancer cure was very small for the
force that had to see the power of faith
courage is a turn in the treatment of cancer
Suffering is inevitable but healing
the renewed touch